## Installation
Make sure python 2.7 and python pip is install on your system. Run pip install -r requirements.txt

## Configuration
We have the server running on a raspberry pi installed in SLURP and connected to the penta-lab network. The pi is configured with a static IP which you can
    see by typing the command "ip addr show" into terminal. This should be the ip address to which the arduinos are programed to send data.  
    To configure the server, edit the config.py file. The state matrix field is an array of LED states where the rows correspond to the states and the columns
    correspond the the LEDs. This state matrix must match the one programed on the MSP of the states will not parse correctly. The host field is a string
    representing the host on which server will run and the port field is an integer representing the port on which the server will serve. ##Note:## each arduino
    is programed to send data to a specific ip address/port. If you change the ip address or port of the server, you must reprogram each arduino to connect to
    the new ip/port. This server will automatically detect the sensor polling frequency generated by the msp. 
    The outfile field is a string representing the name of a file where the parsing server output will be written. The parsing server generates a new file for
    each iteration through the state matrix with the id of the iteration appended to the begining of the outfile name. So if, for example, the outfile is
    "out.txt", the server will generate "0out.txt", "1out.txt", "2out.txt" etc. Where 0out.txt stores data from the first iteration through the state matrix,
    1out.txt stores data from the second iteration through the state matrix, etc. As of now, this value has to be a name of a file, not a path since the
    iternation number will be appended to the beginging.
    These files will be created in the directory from which the python server was run. So if you run the server from the server diretory they will be created in
    server/, if you run the server from the project root directory (with command python server/server.py) they will be created in the project root diretory, if
    you run the server from the pi home directory (python <project root>/server/server.py) they will be created in ~, etc.

## Running the server

    python <path to server>/server.py


## Troubleshooting
If you make changes to the server, you can test that it works correctly by running client.py, which simulates output from the LED array. The client will
    look for a server running on localhost by default. Chance the value of SERVER_HOST to connect to a server running on another IP (make sure the state matrix
    in config.py is the same for both the local client and remote server in this case). Change the value of POLLING_PERIOD in client.py to run the client at
    different frequencies.
    Run the client with command "python <path to client>/client.py".
